routing-table-app
=================

Routing Lesson  **We are going to building a simple app to demonstrate routing in angularjs. We will build a table where you can add a name and description of your choosing. There will be different views created to display the information in the table, with list, edit, and add views.  Step 1: Setup files -App.js -index.html -Controller.js  Step2: Connect view and controller via $scope. -Add ng-app to index.html -Add a controller (for now) to index.html so we can test if they are connected. -Create a test variable on scope and test. -Create a table. Example code:  &lt;table class="table table-striped"> 		&lt;thead> 			&lt;tr> 				&lt;td>&lt;/td> 				&lt;td>&lt;/td> 				&lt;td>&lt;/td> 			&lt;/tr> 		&lt;/thead> 		&lt;tbody> 			&lt;tr> 				&lt;td>&lt;/td> 				&lt;td>&lt;/td> 				&lt;td>&lt;/td> 			&lt;/tr> 		&lt;/tbody> &lt;/table>  Step3: Display names and descriptions of table data you created. -Create a list.html view and cut and paste table into there. -Add ng-repeat to table to display data. -Make sure you add the properties when binding as you use ng-repeat to display individual names and descriptions. Ex: {{person.name}}, {{person.description}}  Step4: Setup Routing -In app.js, add the following code under the var app = ('yourAppName', []):  		app.config(function($routeProvider){ 			 			$route Provider 		})  -Add a route to the list.html including both a templateUrl and a controller it will be using. Ex:  	.when('/', { 	templateUrl: 'views/list.html', 	controller: 'mainController' 	}) 	 -Add the appropriate routes, controllers and views necessary in order to display the additional information we will be making available.  Step 5: Create Service -Create your array of objects in here. Ex: var characters = [ 	{name: 'Luke Skylerwalker', description: 'Jedi Knight'}, 	] -Remember to add service file to your index.html  Step 6: Add methods to service -getCharacters -save  Step 7: Add functions to mainController -inject your service -inject $location so that you can redirect to appropriate view inside function when function has completed. ex: $scope.save = function(){ 	 	$location.path('/') }  BONUS: Include html5 mode to cleanup URL and remove #. -inject $locationProvider ex: $locationProvider.html5Mode(true);
